vCon Templates (#912)
datatrails/datatrails-docs: content/developers/templates/vcons/index.md

{{< caution >}}
[IETF vCon](https://datatracker.ietf.org/wg/vcon/about/) is currently in draft and subject to change.
The following template references the specific draft version the template applies to.
[vCon Draft 00](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/draft-vcon-vcon-container/00/)
{{< /caution >}}

The following provides a template for how to secure a vCon on DataTrails.

### vCon Event Example

The following example highlights a typical DataTrails Event, based on a vCon:

[Events API](../../api-reference/events-api/)

```json
{
  "operation": "Record",
  "behaviour": "RecordEvidence",
  "event_attributes": {
    "arc_display_type": "vcon_create",
    "payload_hash_alg": "SHA-256",
    "payload_preimage_content_type": "application/json",
    "payload_hash_value": "e5e20exxxxxxxxxx78383479f9de138cf71b98b740fd5d7ee3xxxxxxxxxxde05",
    "vcon_operation": "vcon_create",
    "vcon_pipeline": "create-pipeline",
    "vcon_pipeline_version": "1.0.0",
    "vcon_updated_at": "2024-05-07T16:33:29.004994",
    "subject": "vcon://xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx",
    "vcon_draft_version": "00"
  }
}
```

### arc_display_type (REQUIRED)

Default within DataTrails to categorize events.

> `arc_display_type` is also the default means to [configure permissions](https://docs.datatrails.ai/platform/administration/sharing-access-inside-your-tenant/) for which type of events a client my view/edit.

Reviewer: "my" -> "may"

> For the purposes of permissions, this property is a duplicate of the [vcon_operation](#vcon_operation)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For simplicity in configuring permissions, this property is a duplicate of the [vcon_operation](#vcon_operation) but could vary in advanced scenarios.
```

### vcon_operation (REQUIRED)

A DataTrails Event should be created for each completed vCon operation.
For every creation and update to a vCon, a SCITT Statement would seal the vCon, recording it on the ledger for inclusion and verification.

> The lifecycle events of a vCon will likely evolve as a standard.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The defined lifecycle events of a vCon will likely evolve with the standard.
```

For now, the `vcon_operation` (`string`) is the placeholder.

### payload_hash_alg (REQUIRED)

> The hash algorithm used to has the vCon.

Reviewer: "has" -> "hash"

Currently, this is `SHA-256`, but should be sourced by the vCon object to support agility.

### payload_preimage_content_type (REQUIRED)

The property name comes from [draft-ietf-cose-hash-envelope](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/draft-steele-cose-hash-envelope/), representing the `content-type` of the vCon, prior to hashing.

[Section 5.3.1 of vCon 00](https://www.ietf.org/archive/id/draft-vcon-vcon-container-00.html#section-5.3.1) specifies `application/vcon`.
There is [vcon issue](https://github.com/ietf-wg-vcon/draft-ietf-vcon-vcon-container/issues/7), and discussion for using `application/vcon+json`

### payload_hash_value (REQUIRED)

> The hash of the vCon as its recorded on DataTrails.

Reviewer: "its" -> "it is" or "it's"

### vcon_pipeline (OPTIONAL)

vCons are processed by workflow pipelines that run multiple steps.

> In the [conserver model](https://www.conserver.io/), these are called chains which run one ore more links.

Reviewer: "ore" -> "or"

### vcon_pipeline_version (OPTIONAL)

The version of the [vcon_pipeline](#vcon_pipeline).

### vcon_updated_at (REQUIRED)

See [vCon updated_at](https://www.ietf.org/archive/id/draft-ietf-vcon-vcon-container-00.html#name-updated_at)

### subject (REQUIRED)

The [vCon unique identifier](https://www.ietf.org/archive/id/draft-ietf-vcon-vcon-container-00.html#name-uuid).
Subject is used to align with the [SCITT Protected Header](https://www.ietf.org/archive/id/draft-ietf-scitt-architecture-08.html#:~:text=Subject:)

## User Agent Headers

When submitting requests to DataTrails, the following header parameters are required for tracking, independent of authorization.

### DataTrails-User-Agent (REQUIRED)

Diagnostics and tracking for the source of the request.
Typically set to the code or service.
For example: (`DataTrails-User-Agent:oss/conserverlink/0.1.0`)

### Partner_ID (REQUIRED)

Diagnostics and tracking of the Partner making requests.
This header is independent of the [DataTrails-User-Agent](#datatrails-user-agent), as multiple services may be running the same codebase, such as the [vCon Conserver](https://github.com/vcon-dev/vcon-server/)

> For example: (`DataTrails-Partner-ID:synsation.io"`

Reviewer: Missing ")"
